Review release notes about missing items (#47359)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/26_6_0.adoc

= Security and Standards

== JWT Authorization Grant (supported)

JWT Authorization Grant (https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7523[RFC 7523]) is designed to implement external-to-internal token exchange use cases. This grant allows using externally signed JWT assertions to request OAuth 2.0 access tokens.

> In this release, JWT Authorization Grant is promoted from preview to default. See the link:{securing_apps_base_link}/jwt-authorization-grant[JWT Authorization Grant guide] for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, JWT Authorization Grant is promoted from preview to supported. See the link:{securing_apps_base_link}/jwt-authorization-grant[JWT Authorization Grant guide] for additional details.
```

The existing `manage-membership` scope keeps its current behavior for target group membership management operations.

== Looking up client secrets via the Vault SPI

Secrets for clients can now be managed and looked up by the Vault SPI.

Thank you to https://github.com/tsaarni[Tero Saarni] for contributing this change.

== Forcing password change for LDAP users

There is now initial support for LDAP password policy control.
The support is limited to prompting users to update their password when the LDAP server indicates that the password must be changed.
Previously, {project_name} let the user in and ignored the mandatory password reset.
There is a new optional setting "`Enable LDAP password policy`" in the LDAP advanced settings to enable this.

Thank you to https://github.com/tsaarni[Tero Saarni] for contributing this change.

= Configuring and Running

== Java 25 support

{project_name} now supports running with OpenJDK 25.

== Zero-downtime patch releases (supported)

Zero-downtime patch allows you to perform rolling updates when upgrading to a newer patch version within the same `major.minor` release stream without service downtime.

> This is releases are now enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release zero-downtime patch is promoted to supported and enabled by default.
```
